hi I'm Kenny from mini bowl design and
today I'm going to do a review on my
choke hazard stove mini bowl designs
smallest so so let me set the camera up
and we'll take a look at this and see
how it works and I'll give you all the
specifications on this is a joke as in
I've placed it on a dollar bill precise
perspective so you can see how large it
is and this is a Leatherman squirt
jackknife for more perspective now to
operate this so relatively simple you
simply pull the top off cuz the hose
inside you take the hose and push in on
it it has an angle cut on it you push in
on it and twist it like this until the
angle cut gets inside of the hole so you
have a seal all the way around do the
same thing on the other end relatively
easy thing to do then take the two ends
and spin them on the hose until they
both lay flat and that's all the
assembly now if you take the stove and
put a pot stand over it and put your pot
on and then you take the reserve and
keep it on something higher than the
stove itself so gravity can take over
put your alcohol in here it will run
down the holes which is clearing and
into the stove and as you fill this up
the stove will come to about half full
so you see alcohol just above the carbon
felt wick which is a piece of inside the
alcohol all empty out of this this won't
have any alcohol in it because it'll
always run down to the stove if you're
working correctly then light the carbon
felt wet put your pot in a pot and began
cooking as the alcohol burns off in
about ten minutes you'll see the flame
start to burn Orange if you want to
continue cook simply put more alcohol in
here and it will run right down and you
can continue to do that as long as you
have alcohol you can burn alcohol in
this for hours without the
and off to refill it now when you're
done you can pinch this hose take the
empty reserve off hold this up put this
end in a fuel ball and release it and
empty the fuel back into your bottle
then take this end out put it back in
where it originally came from coil it up
and take the end of the hose and tuck it
underneath the rim of the choke hazard
put the reserve back on and you're done
now this so weighs just a moment quiet
I've got this set 2 grams it weighs 16
point 3 grams which is about a half an
ounce that's not enough to weigh down
anybody's pack and it's not big enough
to get in the way of anything that you'd
ever pack so there's really no reason
not to carry one now if your canister
stove ever died on you and you have a
choke hazard and a little 4-ounce bottle
of alcohol you could continue cooking a
dinner with no problem at all so I think
it's worth it to say that this is worth
carrying with you just as a backup or if
your grandma you need a lot of people do
this you can carry this as your primary
Silve add half an ounce it's a grim
weenies dream ok now let's look at my
prototype I'll set that up next this is
my newest prototype the second one this
is the first in the original I've made
the room wider and I put a groove in it
to lighten it up to make up for the
wider rim now some people have asked why
I don't put a series of holes in the
floor of this to save some weight and my
thought trained on it is if the silicone
ever leaked or you accidentally
overfilled it on some dark night right
now it would just pool in here and burn
off and it would be fine
whereas if I put a series of holes in it
which will probably save me less than
because this is a very thin bottle then
the alcohol could run down through and
if you're using it say inside of the
tent it could pose the problem so for my
personal use I'm going to keep this
bottom solid for safety reasons it just
is very comfortable to know that any
problem we have will be caught in here
and just burn off as heat with no
problem at all so I'm tinted formidable
design get out and hike take a friend
don't feed the internet trolls support
the cult please and more important than
anything have a great day bye bye
you